go: reduce API surface (#248)
src-d/enry: README.md

(cd "$(mktemp -d)" && go mod init enry && go get github.com/src-d/enry/v2/cmd/enry)
```

*enry* CLI accepts similar flags (`--breakdown/--json`) and produce an output, similar to *linguist*:

```bash
$ enry
97.71%	Go
1.60%	C
0.31%	Shell
0.22%	Java
0.07%	Ruby
0.05%	Makefile
0.04%	Scala
0.01%	Gnuplot
```

> Note that enry's CLI **_does not need an actual git repository to work_**, which is intentionally different from the linguist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that enry's CLI **_does not need an actual git repository to work_**, which is an intentional difference from linguist.
```

Author: This is part of the commit under #247 but I can also address it here if that would be more convenient.

Reviewer: No, there's fine—I just looked at this PR first. 😄

// result: []string{"Ruby"}
```

## Java bindings

Generated Java bindings using a C shared library and JNI are available under [`java`](https://github.com/src-d/enry/blob/master/java).

A library is published on Maven as [tech.sourced:enry-java](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/tech.sourced/enry-java) for macOS and linux platforms. Windows support is planned under [src-d/enry#150](https://github.com/src-d/enry/issues/150).

# Python bindings

Generated Python bindings using a C shared library and cffi are WIP under [src-d/enry#154](https://github.com/src-d/enry/issues/154).

> A library is going to be published on pypi as [enry](https://pypi.org/project/enry/) for

Author: No, for `enry` we do not, as there is nothing to publish (yet).
AFAIK we only do have a `python-client`.

> A library is going to be published on pypi as [enry](https://pypi.org/project/enry/) for

Reviewer: Makes sense. Do you think we should link to https://github.com/src-d/enry/issues/154?

> A library is going to be published on pypi as [enry](https://pypi.org/project/enry/) for

Author: but it is linked, one line above, no? https://github.com/src-d/enry/pull/247/files#diff-04c6e90faac2675aa89e2176d2eec7d8R103

Sorry for confusion, I have moved all the documentation-related changes to #247 and left only the code changes here

> A library is going to be published on pypi as [enry](https://pypi.org/project/enry/) for

Reviewer: No, it's my error, I was only looking at the lines that changed. Sorry for the noise! This is fine.
